other users whose ios version is
20 of higher than 2010 sorry
whose ios 1 is 10 or higher than 12 then
they can
run my app so please notice that don't
uh set this as one at least
and the latest version set it as a lower
volume to make sure
your app can be uh compare uh can be
compatible with
more um ls warrants and more customers
and for the device that means where your
uh
where you want your app to be read in
iphone
or ipad here i just a
default value for selecting
iphone and ipad and the second part is
um and the next part is what
um direction you want your app to
to be run generally and if you want your
app to be run
in four directions then you select uh
this four but uh and i think if you are
playing games you
will notice that some games are just
support
one direction that means when they
develop this app they just
select the landscape left and to make
sure
you can only use that direction to play
their app
and also you can set this in your app
here i also set the default values for
selecting this three
direction and for other settings
i don't want to talk about more and i
only will introduce them when we need to
change or modify them but most of the
time we just keep the default values for
this vetted
for this settings okay and now let's
look at this
page and generally this page can be
um divided into
four parts the four panes the first part
the top on the top this is called theta
but here we have buttons this
is play button and they stop and
here um because we are developing the ls
uh the apps for
iphone the ls version that means uh
we need we hope our app can be run in
iphone but sometimes we don't have a
physical device
the iphone so how to do that s-code
provide
the simulator for us to run our app
so while you create your app you can
just
click this play button to run your
simulator
and here you can select the one
or your simulator where you want your
app to be run you want your app uh
running in iphone 8 iphone 11
or ipad ipad pro you can select the one
or the simulator you want your app to be
run
this is the status bar and on the left
part of this page this is called
navigator
it will list all the information all the
files
include in your project this is a name
and here are some um profiles i will
go to more details when we use them the
most commonly
two uh file will use is one is
view controller and one is main
storyboard
let's go to main storyboard first okay
here
actually in this part we will design the
user interface of the outlook on our app
and here you can choose different
version or iphone you want to focus on
here
in this part it lists all the
iphone type you can choose
and you can choose it in different type
because sorry it's a little light
yeah by choosing different type it will
show
different uios um
uh iphone and
in this user interface you can
uh design your app by adding different
components
and i think if you look at your app
you will see many different uh
components for example there are buttons
there are some tabs some images
and you can add all these components
by here is a
symbol and you can add all the things
by um first the searching
objective you want to add for example i
just want to add a button
and i drag this button to my screen
then here is a button in my screen
when i add the button in my screen then
i can
add it i can edit all the attributes of
this button for example i can change the
name the content in this button
just change the
uh the content in this button and set
the color of this button
and also set the alignment the
background color
and also we can set
some other attributes of this element in
our user interface
this is um you can set the location
of the size of your button
and okay this is the left
in the right part of this pen
it can help us to edit
all the attributes or the elements
in our page and this is storyboard you
will edit
all your um
elements or your app in this part and
the other important file in your project
is a view controller actually we will
write
most of our k most our code
in this part and here you can see it
already have
give us a template and
because in our app after we have
add also after we have added
all the components to our screen
we also have we also hope in this page
all the components have some
functionalities for example
if we press this button i hope there
will be
an image tapped and
when i press this button i hope i can
see another image of
i can drop into other pages
all of this can be said here and then
some children will ask how can i connect
my um my view and
the code i will show you later in the
um
but in which i want to say is in the
first
in the first four lectures we will just
focus on the
coding because
it's very easy i think
much easier than the coding part to
design your app if you
want to just add some components but
the most important thing is that after
that you need to edit
the functionalities uh the behaviors of
your app
then you need recording parts
this is a coding and this is a
file we will write most of our coding
for example
if i want to edit some directions
or some the first one is the some
attributes of these
um components and the answer i if i want
to define some
behaviors or functions on these
components
how to connect them first one way is
you press the control then you drag this
one to this file then it will
ask you whether you want to just
connect with a outlook the outlet this
means you want to
change the attribute of these components
or you want to define some actions then
i just name give it a name to
identify which button i'm
connecting in the screen
then it will connect and
if i if i put my mouse here you will see
which of these codes will connect with
my components in my screen
and if you can't remember this
procedure it's okay because in the first
three weeks i just want you to focus on
the coding parts
and in this part we will
we will edit most of the behaviors
and functions for our app
and here you only can see one
file and but sometimes you know
it's not a good idea to write all coding
in one file especially i think if you
have
learned other programming language uh if
you have some
functions or class that have unique
um function then you would like to put
them together in a
single file other than put all the
things in one file
in this case we will build more um
files in this folder and also
here you just can't see
one view but in most of the emotes of
the app
there will be more than one view
multiple views
so in this case we will add
more views in one app and
correspondingly we need
more view controller file to
edit the functions in each file this
means we will have multiple view
and multiple files and
in this file we will use the language
called swift and
so in the first three uh
in the first three labs and in the first
three weeks
from uh from two from this
tuesday we will have tutorial and labs
and
uh in the first three weeks we will just
focus on the
swift language and
especially in the first assignment i
only want you to finish uh
assignment just it that is only related
to the switch programming i don't
require you to
um set any assign
design um and other things about
the main storyboard so we will
just focus on swift language in the
first
few weeks and um
so but you can try to
familiar yourself with all the
pens in our s codes screen
especially the
the navigator pen and the attribute you
can try to add some opponents for
example
just now i add a button in my screen and
also
this is a slider
and i think this is also very common in
your
app how to
add this slider to control the time
of some other image view you can try you
can
and first familiar with these parts by
yourself
but uh first i just want you to focus on
the
sweet language and um
in football sweet language you don't
need to download swift
singley you just uh let's go to
you click the file new and
you choose a playground then we can
create a new
swift file
choose ls blank and
select next
and save the file in a folder for
example i just
type one and
where i want to save my
well i just save
it on my desktop in the folder i created
last week
then you will see a
click one file and in this part you can
practice all the swift language
and later i will introduce some basic
knowledge of swift
so any questions to now are you clear
about the relationship
of the s-code and under the swift
programming language
the swedish programming language is used
to edit
all functions and behaviors in your app
and like what i showed
this is the screen um we can
design all our app all the views because
in one app there will be many views
and there is only one view and later we
can
add more views and after we have add
some components we add for example we
add some buttons
some tabs some slash bars some images
and they are um
this component don't have any functions
or behaviors
we need to add it by the ourselves for
example when we process button we need
a new image up here on some other
behavior we hope we hope our uh app can
be active
in this case we need the sweeps
programming to help us to realize this
okay i i see someone uh have questions
you can just army yourself and
post your question
holy doctor can i just speak it out yeah
okay so um i just wanted someone has the
same questions with me just
because our panel is not look like
looks like you're so because like the
storyboard
actually we don't have that button at
the left
so i don't know that's if that says the
virtual issue or
uh so you are using as code tab right
yes 12. uh i think like what i said
uh it's totally okay for you to use
xcode 11 or s
codes so i think the page should be
exactly the same
and the beginning and the very beginning
when you create your file
try please remember select
storyboard and not the swift ui
in the very beginning uh
okay so you mean that we need to select
the storyboards
so yes how it can be shown on the panel
right
yes when you create this uh when you
create your new
uh project uh you will fill some
information
right the name of your project
the identify the bundle identifier and
there is
one uh i think there is one selection
you need to select storyboard other
dance with ua
ui and the other option should be ui
ui kit yeah yeah yeah so
okay great thank you okay so any other
questions
i know some students are using as code
12 if you
i know there may be a little difference
between the
s code 11 as s codetail if you have some
questions about the appearance of these
two versions you can post a question in
the
channel then i can because i'm you uh in
my another computer i'm installed
it's called child to make sure all the
things can smooth
can work um successful in both of the s
code 11 and the child
but um why i'm using xcode 11 because
the new
the latest version of mac system is
released um just a
few months and you know that for the new
system
it's not always very stable
and also in order to compete with
more apps and more
settings so i'm choosing to use s code
11 but
it's totally equal for you to
run as child and i will make sure all
the exercise
and all settings can be read
successfully
and i will also do this
to all the uh perfect uh other profiles
in my s hotel so don't worry about this
okay now let's go to the
uh sweeps programming parts so
they're any unclear about the
relationship between
our s code project and the sweeped
programming language
if now let's go to the s-code and
just now i have show you how to create a
playground um file where you can edit
your sweeps
and all the components or command line
about the swift
[Music]
for the lecture because we only have one
hour last year so
in the lecture i uh only
show you um the
knowledge about the swift and uh there
is no time
for me to just type in the um
playground file but after
the two after lecture or each monday
there is one tutorial
in the tuesday so
what you should do is in a lecture
please try
to understand all the knowledge
and i show you and you don't need and
it is better for you to practice after
lecture and
in the tuesdays exercise
to tuesdays lab the tutor will help you
to
practice all the content that is
delivered
in monday so don't be worried about that
so in the lecture just try to understand
all the things okay now let's go to
the swift programming language
and today's content we will introduce
briefly introduce the swift programming
language
then um also include some
basic uh knowledge in this programming
language i think if you have
if you are familiar with other uh
language within python or c-sharp java
you must be it's very it will be very
easy for you to understand this
and we will introduce the constants the
variable how to define
constant variable and the data type is
fifth
and also some operators and
control flow includes an if statement
switch
and also a function
when you learn the swift in the
lecture even in the lab it's
impossible for us to list all the cases
and they will encounter some problems
in practice in this case i have i highly
recommend you to
read the related document or swift
and you can just go to their website
and i can show you where you can find
the related documents
sometimes if you encounter uh
some methods or functions or property
you can understand
what does it mean you can search that in
the swift official website
this is uh what is fixed and
if you go to the language guide
then you will find all the details about
some basic knowledge of the sweep for
example what we were taught today basic
operation
operators the very good thing is
each view is planned very
clearly about what they are and also
they will give some examples about
what is that you can just follow these
examples
and try them in your program file
and also you can see it also includes
functions the control flow
and the the full loop
and some also the structures and classes
this is what we will learn in the next
lecture and also some
how to handle the error when you
um
editing scenes in your grandpa
uh in the playground file and uh the pro
quotes
and yeah you can reach this document to
find
some exact meaning of these things and
also some examples can help you to
understand
them okay now let's go to
the next part first one is you need to
create a playground file like what i do
just now
you can and just go to new file
and create a new playground file
using
and i can show you what it will look
like in your folder
sorry let me drag my portfolio to the
screen
and share
uh this is a folder where i uh
save my s-code project and also
my playground filters now
if i double-click it
then it will show this is uh
as code project i created last week
and when i double click on this it will
open my project
and i don't want to do that and this is
a playground
file and that i
create just now when you double click
this
it will show you uh
it will show you a uh playground file
and also it has
three compo it has three part
and this is the part where you can
editing and
this part is a console it will show the
results
of your coding parts
and for this part uh i
highly recommend you to
[Music]
press this button and hold your press
and
select the automatic one that means
when you type your code and it will run
automatically you don't need to
press this button every time you want to
run your app
because the set is automatically ruined
then it will show all the results in
your
example i just put
hello man
so i'm going to save it
save
okay sorry babies
this one is my pink one
uh it's possible so it's
there is uh maybe something wrong with
my playground i haven't
it's running you can see it's running
and space for maintenance for its
running i just uh
introduced some other um contents
because
it's a little slow you can see
now let's go to the
let's continue this continues uh
based knowledge of the s-code
the first one is constant and variable i
think you must
very familiar with variable because this
existed in many
in all other programming language
and when you want to assign um
for a constant and variable actually you
assign a name with a value and but you
need to define um
different with python that is very free
language you don't need to define a
variable before you use it
but in this uh in the swift
you need to define the constant or
variable before you
use it and the first thing i want to
talk about is constant
what is constant and
you need to use the lattice key words to
define
uh to define a constant
this is a keyword and this is the name
of your variable
and you assign this string
same same with other programming
language we use double quotes to present
the screen
and here we assign this string to this
variable and also we can
define a constant we can assign a value
to this um a constant
um but there is one thing that we can't
change the
value in a constant that means for
example here
if i define a constant and initially i
assigned the value drawn to this
constant
if i want to reassign another value to
this
constant then there will be error is
that
can't assign to value name because name
is the lead constant that means
if you define a constant and the value
of the constant can't be changed
in in the next part in the following
and uh compare with the constant
the variable is
also defined you need to define a
variable before you use
it and for them different
with the constant we use net keywords
here we use
va to define a variable and
this is a variable and here we um
give it a value 29 and
the value of a variable can be
uh changed uh after you defined
here we define variable and his value is
29 and later we change the value of this
variable to 30.
this is a different oh the constant and
variable the value of the constant can't
be changed
and the value of the variable can be can
be modified
and this is an example and uh
and the very beginning we define a
constant the default
score is 100 then we define
two variables one is play one score
is equal to the default
score then this value is 100
right so value for uh the first the
variable play one score is 100 and
for the second variable we also set the
same value
and here um
if we print the value of this two
variable then
it will print 100 and 100 you can try
that out the class
and for the play 1 score
here if i uh because this is a variable
so i can change the value of this
variable so
i reside the value of
200 to this variable play 1 score
if i print this variable it will
show the new value rather than the old
100.
now some students will ask when i should
use constant and
when should i use variable here is
example
for example this is your starting
location
and you want to
travel to to another city this is the
nation if you have already um
determined your starting location and
destination then these two points
you can define as a constant and also
the total traveling
distance if your routine is determined
then the total distance can
be defined as a constant as if your
routine is determined and but
other things for example the distance
you travel
the remaining distance and these are
variables because
um these values will change um in this
process
so totally depends on whether this the
value of the
uh the sense you want to define will be
changed in future
it will be changed you define it as a
variable if it a
constant number just defined as a
constant
and here are some rules for define
the constant you don't you can't use the
mathematical symbol
to define the variable or constant name
and there is no space
and you shouldn't begin with a number
and these are the general
rules that is worked in all the
programming language
and also it's better to be more clear
and dispro
descriptive so it's not a good idea to
just give
the name or a variable constant with and
just one letter and also we
use um camel case that means
if there are multiple words in your net
when you want to define uh your
constant or variable you need to uh
capture uh the first this first the
character
of um the words
except the first verse and the
this is a commonly used rule we
will use when defining our variables
constant
later i will explain that that is a type
safe
and in your coding
it's a bad it's a very good habit to
write some comments because
your app is developed for others
especially you have
teamwork and in in order to
ask your partners or group members to
understand the functionalities of this
part of
coding it's better to write some
comments as with
we will use double slash to
write the comments and this part won't
be treated as
codes and the uh you can explain what is
the
functionalities of this paragraph or
codes and if your comments have
multiple lines you can use what the
slash
and the one extra risk
to add multiple lines or comments
like this and
for the variables and the constant there
are multiple types the commonly used are
for
including integer and double
blue and the string
and there is one thing we need to notice
in
swift that is in swift
we should keep type safety that means
for example here
i define uh you just
go to the second line i define a
variable
and the value of this variable is a
value
and here i want to resign the value of
this variable with a string then it
will arrow that means i can't assign
value of type string to type
in because when i define the variable
the value i assign the variable
indicates
that the value of this the type of this
variable
is in so i only
that means in this variable i only can
it only can assign inch to this variable
not
other types and also for this
value for this example i define
variable uh is type is in
and the second variable is type is
double
when i assign this double type to this
end variable there will be error
so um
but sometimes you will forgot okay what
type i
assigned at the very beginning so there
is another way
to remind you that
uh you need to uh it's better or very
clearly for you to
annotate your data type in the very
beginning
when you define your variable or
constant you can
add one column and also with
type you want to follow you want to
define
this consonant variable to
clearly indicate the data type of this
constant of variable for example here i
define a constant and raise the type
string
and followed with some value
this must be a string if there is it is
not a string there will be error
and also for this constant
i define a variable type and
the value should be available it should
be a
double type
and here if i define constant
number and the dot and the value is
uh and the type is double but here i
just
enter three if i print a number so what
is the
output of this code you can try this
after class
because here i define the type is double
that means
after you can try that after
before you answer this question how many
variables you will see in this
result
maybe in the class you don't have enough
time to practice but
like what i said just now in the
tutorial on tomorrow you will have more
time
to practice
all the content we delivered in the
in the mondays lecture
and actually there are multiple um
there are multiple ways for you to
define the constant or variable
the first one is you can just define the
your variable or constant
with a data type but not as
assign a value to it like this you
define constant
and you just give the data type and then
give it a value and you can give
the value to this constant later
and also you can give both the data type
and the value to this constant of
variable and the very beginning it
depends on you depends on the purpose of
your function
of your or your constant or variable
whether you want to give it a value at
the very beginning
okay and after we introduce the constant
and the variables i want to introduce
some
operators
the first one the first operator
actually this is what we
will see will commonly echo is also
um it can help us
to assign a value to a constant variable
and also it can help us to modify
the value and accept this echo
these four um operators are very
commonly used
the the add minus
multiply divide you can try this after
class
and also in swift there is some i know
and i see in the chat about some
students post some questions about data
type
especially one is adding and to the
operators
i leave this question to you please try
this
in after class and try to figure out a
solution by yourself because
you will encounter more scenarios
more questions like this
and except rather than
ask in the google or
other rather than ask your tutor i mean
you can
get answer just try that in your sleep
your thrift fail so please try that
if you can't can get just to get get
your answer easily
after you try this that is very good
okay there is another thing i want to
mention is a
numeric type of convention this means
it feels defined to a constant and
constant
these two constants have different uh
data type then there will be issue one
we use operator between them so if we
want to
um do some operation between these two
constants
it's better to convert this
uh int data type to
double first so how to change the data
type
if i want to change the inch number
three to
a double or float number so how to do
that
you can try to figure out the solution
how to change the data type
and here are some
logical operators that this can help us
to control the flow of examples
equal and please notice that in
programming language
one equal symbol means assign a value
and a modifier value or sign value
double equal symbol means really equal
in the programming and this is not equal
to
and the bigger than and
bigger or equal to and there are
later you will see all of this logical
operator how
they can help us to control the flow
um of the cases
to define different behaviors in
different cases in our programming
there and in the control flow
we only we mainly have two
ways to control our flow the first one
is we can use the if statement
i think you must be very familiar with
the if statement you can
this is a very simple
one this is the condition or you need to
judge
and if this condition is true then it
will run the code
includes the curly brackets
for example here i define first i define
a constant and value of the constant
temperature is 100
then i have if statement um
if this the value of this constant
constant
is equal or bigger than
100 then i will implement this code
this is the simple is the word of the if
statement
and we also have other the if
else statement first i will judge
whether this
space state whether this condition is
satisfied
if it is satisfied then i will
run this code i will implement this
statement
otherwise if this condition
is not satisfied then
else i will implement this statement for
example
follow the last example the
temperature if the temperature is bigger
is equal or greater than 100 then i will
print
this sentence otherwise that means if
the temperature
is smaller than 100 then i will print
this string okay
yeah finally you see my screen it
shows the result because this policy is
still
showing running if you encounter this
case you just
close your profile and reopen it because
sometimes
due to many factors the internet um
you open too many apps that will impact
your apps so in this case if
it doesn't react for a long time just
close
it and run it again and you see
by print hello print hollow then in the
console it will show the result of this
code
please in the
lab you will use this profile to
practice all the content we delivered
us now to define a constant defined
variable
and define a if-else statement
or something else and try to figure out
the other questions you asked now
whether um
some data type can be converted with
each other how to change an
inch type to a float or how to
um whether the double and flows
can be converted with each other you can
try that in this file
okay now let's continue this is the
if-else statement
and the other we can define more complex
scenarios
if there are multiple cases for example
also i define temperature the value is
and here i use an and operator
to add two conditions this means
if the temperature is equal or bigger
than 55
and also the temperature is
equal or smaller than 75 then
i will implement this statement
oh
[Music]
and after you have charged
this condition you also need to
charge whether this condition is
certified
if the temperature because if the
temperature is not satisfied with any
of these uh condition
then there will still two scenarios
right the first one is
if the temperature is smaller than
uh 65 then they'll intimate
this statement but there is another case
if the temperature is
bigger it's greater than 55 here i just
write else to indicate the other case
and then i will print this sentence
and also you can
add more else if if there are
more cases in your
condition for example you cut
multiple intervals of the whole domain
and for each other case you want to
define a statement
then you can add more else if
by last but remember the last should be
else
and you can define multiple cases
as if as if else if then else to
indicate the remaining
actions you want to implicate if you
if all above
conditions are not satisfied
here we use the operator end
this is the end symbol and here we also
we could also use all um
this means if any of this
condition is satisfied then
i could uh implement a statement
no matter this one or this one anyone
there
as if there is one true case
i will implement statements and then i
will
show this emoji and some students are
caring how to run some emoji
in your code here i've you can just
search in g online
then trust the user first to left side
it provides us
and you can just copy my
internet is a little slow you can just
copy this symbol is emoji and
then post in your code then it will show
this uh face this mail face in your code
you can try that
after class
okay this is if statement
the other i want to show you is the
swift statement
here um we need to define a cons
we need we can define a constant value
and then i will
charge the value of this variable
if this value is equal to
this one then i will implement this code
if this value is equal to this one
and i will run this code
and also i will charge
i will judge whether this value is
satisfied and then i will run this code
otherwise if not all all of the case is
satisfied then i will write this one
here is an example for example i define
a constant the constant is number of
values
the number is two then i define all the
function all the behaviors i will
implement
corresponding to different number of
wheels if
the wheels is equal to one then i will
print
unique unit cycle then i if the
the value of this variable is equal to
two then i will
implement this one then
in this case this case or and if
no if the number of this field is filed
then it will implement this default
statement this is the swift
swift is very useful because sometimes
if you have multiple characters you will
you can judge whether there is
some special character in your uh
sentence or in your words and also
this faith is very useful for you to
um here i just
give you example maybe that is very
useful for you to
implement in your later assignments if
um there is a one requirement in our
assignment too
we need you to generate some bubbles
but we we need you to
uh the the color of these bubbles
should be run should be randomly
that means okay when you generate a
bubble uh the color of this bubble
can be red can be blue can be purple or
can be black
so call to control this random
and this is one way to
control the random generation in your
objectives for example you have a
variable
the variable is located between 0 and
100.
then you generate a
random number and the range is sorry
the you generate a random number then
random number is between 0 and 100
and then you define okay if the number
is the generating number is between 0
and the 10 then the color of this this
bubble
can be red oh if you find this value is
between 0
and 99 then the
blue then color of this bubble should be
blue or purple
or if this value located in other range
you can define the color of this bubble
this is a way to define uh to generate
a randomly generated color of the bible
so
this is uh one application of the
swift's
um statement
if you want to judge whether your uh
variable um constant is satisfy
any of these uh cases then
for each case there should be some
implementation or behaviors
for each case this is statement you can
try that
after class
the other thing i want to mention is
function
and later
you will define many functions because
all the functionalities behaviors
they should be defined in a function the
advantage of the function is that you
don't need to write the same
code all the time for example if you
define a function okay this bubble
can be can jumped then
for every time you want because there
will be multiple
many bubbles if you want this bubble
jumped
every time you you can just call this
function
rather than draw this code every time
so
we need to define functions that can
help us
to do some actions that will be
used many times and called
repeatedly and how to define function i
think
is quite similar with other programming
language
first we use the keyword from fuc
then follows with the name of your
function then
and with a bracket and inside bracket
are the parameters of your function and
followed with a
curly bracket and in this curly bracket
are the body audio function you can
define
the actions the like what i said
you can define the uh behaviors of
the components in your screen you can
define
the behaviors one attempt a bubble
attempt a button
or you want to change the pages or your
view
you can define all these in the
functions
here is the example of the function here
also
i and this is a format for the function
but you don't need inputs
and parameters in a function for example
this is the simplest
function i just do something in this
function
why call it uh please remember in a
function there are two parts first
you need to define this function but
this is just the definition you didn't
call it if you want to implement this
function you need to call it this is a
format to call this function
the name of this function is this
displaying pi
and you write name of the
function and with the two brackets and
here i didn't have any input parameters
i just uh so when i
call this function it will run the code
i defined inside this function it will
run this line
and the general but more in most cases
we will have
the input variable for example in this
one i have a function named triple and
also i have one input variable
when you define the parameters input
parameters in your function you also
you should also indicate the data type
of this
in parameters for example
the data type is it and here are the
codes i want to
use to implement okay
here is one thing i want to say that
really one hour's lecture is a little uh
not very enough for me to deliver all
things so if you have other classes you
can just leave because of the i've been
recording all the lectures
you can return to the recording of the
lecture
if you uh when you are available and uh
maybe for each lecture i will have
extended time for 10 minutes
something like that to finish my content
and but it's
it's okay for you to leave because you
can see the recording after the lecture
okay let's continue this is an example
of
that we only have one input parameters
and
this is um cases that we have multiple
uh input parameters similar similarly we
need to
indicate the data type of the input
parameters
for example here uh the first number
and the second parameter are all in
then when i call this parameter i just
write the name of the input parameters
and with the value of this
with the value of this parameter but you
can try after class
it is okay for me to just
delete the name of the parameter whether
it's okay for me to just
write 10 then comma and file
to call this function do i need to
uh indicate the name of the variable
every time
whether it is work if i just add the
value
to this to call this function please try
that
okay for a function
you should have um you can have the
input variable and also you can have a
return result
here in this function
we use this arrow symbol to indicate
the type of the written value here we
define a return value with type 8
and and the end of this
function body we should have
this commandment
return which
returns a value already then if you call
this
um function for example
um yeah
this is this is a command to call this
function
and because this function can
help can help us to return values and
you can
assign this value to a
new variable or new constant then
this constant have value then you can
use it in the
later command and
so please remember that for each
for the function you can define a
routine value and
you can get this value
you can get this value when you call
this function
please try more cases of the function
and uh this is very helpful for you
okay this is yeah this is all the main
swift um program i want to introduce
today is
i think this is quite basic for all the
programming language
the how to define variable the data type
the if statements
faith space statements switch
and also functions
if you don't be variable the practice
you will have more
um opportunity and
time to practice all the uh
content in the in tomorrow's tutorial
and beside this i want to
uh mention the other things
about our assignment one actually i have
up
i have update the description in canvas
you can go to your canvas
sorry for the late upload of all the
materials of this week
because i just upload all the things
last night
and i i will make sure
i will upload um before the weekend or
next week
to so you can have a quick view
before the lecture and tutorial please
go to module
and
okay i think we will go to
assignment first
and please make sure you will join the
tutorial tomorrow because
in the first half an hour later the
tutor will
take you to um go through all the
exercises
oh to this lecture and uh
also he will spend about half an hour to
introduce to explain how to finish
your assignment one please make sure you
will join tomorrow's
tutorial and follow our first assignment
i have upload assignment description
please download this
description and
read it very carefully because it will
define
all the functionalities
you need to finish in your assignment
one
okay please read this
very carefully it actually will define
what you need
what functionalities you need to finish
for example
the very basic function in calculator
and first one we will we'll finish
one calculator but we don't
want you to finish any ui
for this calculator we just want you to
add in some functionalities
in swift how to implement the addition
minus multiplication and
division between two numbers and also
some
other special symbols in a calculator
for example
it should support the
operations between multiple numbers
and here are some examples you must
make sure your functions can be uh
satisfied
here uh and also the
plus minors and also
here are some uh marking criteria
so also you can read these marking
is to make sure you can get all the
marks and
in order for you to start this program
very easily i provide you a template
you can download this template in the
modules
please go to the modules or week two
this is the template the calculator
master
and this is a template for your size
assignment one please download
it and read it i know it may be very
hard for you to understand all the files
in the
template so please join the tutorial
tomorrow the tutor will explain very
clearly
all the time how to use a template how
to write all the functionality
in this in this template to realize all
the calculation
in your calculator so please
before the tutorial tomorrow download
this
uh download this uh template in your
modules and it reads the assignment
description
to make sure you have understand all the
requirements for assignment one
okay uh this is all the content of this
lecture any questions
and also for the students i want to
mention
for students who don't have mac please
try to use the virtual as code lab
as much as possible in these two weeks
if you really think this s code lab
is not very working very well
and you don't want to spend money to
rent a online platform for s-code
i recommend you to withdraw this subject
and
maybe you can join the um subjects
next semester and in that time i think
we can use the matlab in campus so
that's case
you can use the mac system rather than
spending a lot of time on these issues
okay thank you very much and uh
hope you will enjoy the tutorial
tomorrow
and tomorrow also 10 a.m
see you next week and also if you have
any questions just
post it on the channel
folks and i will answer those questions
if i
see them thank you
[Music]
you